FuzzyClock 1.4 (revision 33) 16 April 2008

http://fuzzyclock.googlecode.com


Installation

1. Extract FuzzyClock.zip to a folder of your choosing (i.e. C:\Program
Files\FuzzyClock).

2. The default language is English. Additional languages can be found
within Localizations.zip. Copy one of the FuzzyClock-XX.xml files to the
FuzzyClock folder and rename it FuzzyClock.xml.  Restart FuzzyClock if
necessary.

3. To start FuzzyClock with Windows, create a shortcut for
FuzzyClock.exe and place it in C:\Documents and Settings\<your user
name>\Start Menu\Programs\Startup.


Use

1. Right click on FuzzyClock tray icon to exit program.

2. Click on FuzzyClock tray icon to toggle between fuzzy and precise
times.



Copyright (c) 2007 Michael Chapman

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a
copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included
in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS
OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

